habiter is a simple tool for maintaining good habits

It can be used with the 'don't break the chain' technique, like
Joe's Goals or Sciral Consistency, but adopts more positive
techniques and uses a readable and editable YAML text file as
storage.

= Installation

  % gem install habiter -s http://gemcutter.org/

= Demo

  ~$ habiter did clean_room
  clean_room is not a habit yet. create and complete it? (y/n) y
  ~$ habiter did jog
  jog is not a habit yet. create and complete it? (y/n) y
  ~$ habiter log
             jog |----------------------------+|(1/28)
         project |-------------------------++-+|(3/28)
  practice_music |-----------------------+++++-|(5/28)
        read_30m |-----------------------+--++-|(3/28)
      clean_room |-----------------------+-+---|(2/28)

= Scalars

Habiter also now supports scalars: you can input a value for your
activity, like

  habiter did jog 5.5
  habiter did heartbeat 78

And it will be recorded. There is no representation of this data yet,
and the representation within habiter will be minimal, only good output to
formats which are easily visualized.

= Install

Install with 'gem install habiter' if you have gemcutter set up as a
repository

= FAQ

* How do I add past data?
  How do I delete recorded data?
  How do I modify stuff I've recorded?

Edit ~/.habiter.yaml

* How do I reset habiter?

  echo > ~/.habiter.yaml

= Changelog

== 3.0 (roadmap)

* Dump to CSV

== 2.5

* Allows 'did' in past and future
* Restructuring and cleanup internally
* Internal documentation

== 2.0

* Scalar input

Dedicated to Bryn Bellomy :)
